Let's talk about the segmentation
strategy, which I think, as you
told me, is one of the keys to
your success.
Then I would like you to
analyze, in addition to how yours
is, what you have focused on,
which one will be true, what you
have tried to avoid, or what is
what the magazine usually does
wrong.
I like how you focus on it,
because in fact, we did so
for that.
One of the things I learned a lot about
Bank Investment is this, is segmentation.
How companies had broken or broken
absolutely the customer they
were aiming for not knowing
how to implement it properly.
Then you find companies that have been
on the market for a long time, 40,
50 years, and that suddenly the public
that they were aimed at, that
they were 25 years old, now they are
65 years old.
And when they realize that this audience
starts not buying, because they
no longer consume this type of product.
So you thought about selling
the company, right?
More or less, no.
These are creditors.
We are no longer interested in buying
such companies.
Yes, but you realize that they have
lost all their product, all their pure
state-of-the-art and they are companies
that disappear.
So no matter how big you are and
the years you've been in the industry,
if you're not able to keep
a type of customer, you're
likely to end up disappearing.
These companies that then want to return
to their customer, as their brand
is already very related to an
age-old audience, recovering another
age is virtually impossible.
It is positioning.
You have to change the name, you
have to change the logo, you have to
change a lot of things.
That is practically impossible.
It has been done, but it is not easy.
We have to address
a customer with
an age.
And that client, within this whole
segmentation proposal, we are aware
that it will reach a point where
it will not want to consume
the epidemic, because it will change.
And we are very proud of
that.
by age.
By age, no longer physical, I'm going
to tell you something that's not
very philosophical, but also mental.
Because you can buy a woman of 55,
60 years old who feels very young,
and you can see her in her way of
dressing, or you can buy a girl
of 20 years old who feels much older.
We are between 25 and 45 years
old.
And when those ages are more or less
passing, this is not pure science, that
is, you have 46, you can no longer
buy me, it is more or less.
And once those ages pass, jewelry
consumption is no longer typically this
type of jewelry, it is different.
Per it is a high-end jewelry, it
is a jewelry, maybe it is a brochure,
something we don't want to
offer within this store,
because then we would change
the segmentation
of this customer.
We have brought the customer
to know other brands and to
consume them.
We are very proud of the
time you have spent with
us, and then we open the
doors to other brands.
That's very important, not
wanting to have them with
you all the time.
We have taken advantage of your purchasing
power, we have maximized your
economic power within our company,
within your consumption, and from
there we open your doors
and say, now you can fly and
go with the next one.
What I want to understand is, why
do you do that?
What are the benefits of doing
that from segmenting strategy
in a niche, it's not so niche
because it's a very wide audience,
but you're thinking about a profile
and why don't you want others?
I think every segment is very
positive economically speaking.
We liked it, first because it
was ours and we understood
it much better than others.
To begin with, you understand them better.
and exact.
If it's your age, your tastes,
you understand that audience well.
When you start shooting them all,
you understand them worse.
Well, not only do you understand them
worse, but there are also audiences
who don't want to meet in the same store.
One of the 18 doesn't want to buy one of 60.
If you have a 1000 square
meter store, if you can
segment within the store and
you have a lady area, you
have a teenage area, you
have a...
Yes or not, but you can also do the same.
But you can or put it on two different
floors, then they no longer share
spaces and if they feel comfortable.
We had a client and why were
we there?
One, because we understand it because
of our age, because we consume
that type of product and two, because
we believe that it is a customer
who begins his work stage,
who begins to have for his own
purchase and who begins to make
his decisions.
We also want to make it easier
for us to sell them a certain
product.
In retail, it is the best customer,
between the ages of 25 and 45.
We do not want to leave there.
We have to be very clear that you
should always create a product that
you like to 25 and 45.
If you have a consumer of one age,
it is very likely that consumer
does not want to be identified
with other ages, because you
feel 10, 30 years old and already
are.
The 18 year old doesn't want to
buy 60 and vice versa.
So, in our stores that have about
70 square meters, an average
of 60, 50 meters, I can't create
segments inside the store where
the consumer isn't looking
and knowing that they're sharing
the same product.
Today you need to feel absolutely
identified with what you consume,
I go with this jacket, but
maybe a person of another
age or younger would not go
with this jacket or with
twins or whatever.
If you start opening the doors to everyone,
what will happen is that suddenly
people no longer want to go, because
in the 18s says, I didn't want
to go to this store because I
bought in the 60s, in the 60s they
say I didn't want to go because
I bought in the 18s, and then
suddenly you have the store
empty.
So what benefit does it have?
People can feel identified.
That's very important when you're
creating a brand, a product,
a segmentation.
And when creating a brand also
in the long term, that is what
I really want, I don't want
to get any ballot, I want it to
be a brand that can grow 50, 60,
70 years, it's when you have very
clear your segmentation, the
not get out of it, what you'
ll generate is, because for
example you have, I'll put a very
obvious example, an Inditex
where there is Versca that goes
for teenagers, then there is
Uterque that goes for people
of a higher purchasing power,
of a certain age, and then
you have a Zara that maybe can
understand all audiences, but
within the store also segments
around the design of one product
or another.
If you are not able, that is, if you
have this segmentation
very clear, you can make your
company evolve 60 years and not
get out of there.
Then you're constantly gaining new
customers because they're the ones
that suddenly get into your segmentation
and you're leaving
them out.
Then you have a brand that
can be identified in an age
range in a customer
type for many years.
It is a long-term brand.
I've seen companies that unwillingly
started targeting a type of customer,
suddenly their team of designers
has aged, their sales
team has aged and are creating
a product for another type
of customer and when they've
wanted to realize, that customer
is no longer consuming and
the company disappears.
Then it is very important.
That is to say for me they are two
clear benefits, one long-term and then
the not going at all because you
can lose all your customers too.
The recommendation for all Power
MVs, which many are also in this
challenge of creating a
value proposal, in this case is sermony.
Don't get lost in, and in some
cases, the more niche the better.
You're going to a large audience, right?
The power of AD is very broad.
and yes.
The profile is also wide, it's
a fortune.
and yes.
But usually the recommendation
we give, especially to people who
are creating new proposals, is that
you look for a niche because in
a niche it is much easier first
that you understand it well,
position yourself in that niche
and so on.
Don't try to shoot everything.
It is as important to know how to say
yes as it is to know how to say no.
It is more important to say
no.
A thousand thanks.